#summary Defines Connection class to encapsulate a connection to IB TWS.
#labels ApiDoc

= Description =


Connection instances defer failed attribute lookup to their receiver
and sender member objects.  This makes it easy to access the
receiver to register functions:

>>> con = ibConnection()
>>> con.register(my_callable)

And it makes it easy to access the sender functions:

>>> con.reqScannerParameters()
>>> con.placeOrder(...)

=== Connection(object) (class) ===

Encapsulates a connection to TWS.

class defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/connection.py line 25]

  method *`__init__(host, port, clientId, receiver, sender)`*

  _Constructor. _

    {{{
    host: name of host for connection; default is localhost
    port: port number for connection; default is 7496
    clientId: client identifier to send when connected
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/connection.py line 29]
  ====== . ======

  method *`__getattr__(name)`*

    {{{
    returns: named attribute from instance receiver or sender
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/connection.py line 42]
  ====== . ======

  method *`connect()`*

  _Establish a connection to TWS with instance attributes. _

    {{{
    returns: True if connected, otherwise raises an exception
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/connection.py line 56]
  ====== . ======

  method *`disconnect()`*

  _Disconnect from TWS _

    {{{
    returns: True if disconnected, False otherwise
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/connection.py line 64]
  ====== . ======

  method *`enableLogging(enable=True)`*

  _Enable or disable logging of all messages. _

    {{{
    enable: if True (default), enables logging; otherwise disables
    returns: True if enabled, False otherwise
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/connection.py line 71]
  ====== . ======

  method *`logMessage(message)`*

  _Format and send a message values to the logger. _

    {{{
    message: instance of Message
    returns: None
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/connection.py line 84]
  ====== . ======

  method *`create(host='localhost', port=7496, clientId=0, receiver=None,  sender=None)`*

  _Creates and returns Connection class (or subclass) instance. _

    {{{
    host: name of host for connection; default is localhost
    port: port number for connection; default is 7496
    clientId: client identifier to send when connected
    returns: Connection (or subclass) instance
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/connection.py line 94]
  ====== . ======


