#summary Defines Receiver class to handle inbound data.
#labels ApiDoc

= Description =


The Receiver class is built programatically.  Message types are
defined in the ib.opt.message module, and those types are used to
construct methods on the Receiver class during its definition.
Refer to the ReceiverType metaclass for details.

=== messageMethod(name, argnames) (function) ===

_Creates method for dispatching messages. _

  {{{
  name: name of method as string
  argnames: list of method argument names
  returns: newly created method (as closure)
  }}}

defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 17]
====== . ======

=== ReceiverType(type) (class) ===

Metaclass to add EWrapper methods to Receiver class.

class defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 31]

  method *`__new__(name, bases, namespace)`*

  _Creates a new type. _

    {{{
    name: name of new type as string
    bases: tuple of base classes
    namespace: dictionary with namespace for new type
    returns: generated type
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 35]
  ====== . ======

=== Receiver(object) (class) ===

Receiver -> dispatches messages to interested callables  Instances implement the EWrapper interface but do not subclass it.

class defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 48]

  method *`__init__(listeners=None, types=None)`*

  _Constructor. _

    {{{
    listeners=None: mapping of existing listeners
    types=None: method name to message type lookup
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 56]
  ====== . ======

  method *`dispatch(name, mapping)`*

  _Send message to each listener. _

    {{{
    name: method name
    mapping: values for message instance
    returns: None
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 65]
  ====== . ======

  method *`register(listener, *types)`*

  _Associate listener with message types created by this Receiver. _

    {{{
    listener: callable to receive messages
    *types: zero or more message types to associate with listener
    returns: None
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 82]
  ====== . ======

  method *`registerAll(listener)`*

  _Associate listener with all messages created by this Receiver. _

    {{{
    listener: callable to receive messages
    returns: None
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 96]
  ====== . ======

  method *`unregister(listener, *types)`*

  _Disassociate listener with message types created by this Receiver. _

    {{{
    listener: callable to no longer receive messages
    *types: zero or more message types to disassociate with listener
    returns: None
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 104]
  ====== . ======

  method *`unregisterAll(listener)`*

  _Disassociate listener with all messages created by this Receiver. _

    {{{
    listener: callable to no longer receive messages
    returns: None
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 120]
  ====== . ======

  method *`key()`*

  _Generates lookup key for given object. _

    {{{
    obj: any object
    returns: obj name or string representation
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 129]
  ====== . ======

  method *`error(e)`*

  _Dispatch an error generated by the reader.  Error message types can't be associated in the default manner with this family of methods, so we define these three here by hand. _

    {{{
    e: some error value
    returns: None
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 141]
  ====== . ======

  method *`error_0(strval)`*

  _Dispatch an error given a string value. _

    {{{
    strval: some error value as string
    returns: None
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 154]
  ====== . ======

  method *`error_1(id, errorCode, errorMsg)`*

  _Dispatch an error given an id, code and message. _

    {{{
    id: error id
    errorCode: error code
    errorMsg: error message
    returns: None
    }}}

  defined at [http://ibpy.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ib/opt/receiver.py line 163]
  ====== . ======


